README.md, before:

# Avem :bird:
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/but0n/Avem.png)](https://travis-ci.org/but0n/Avem)

![](docs/images/PF.png)

[UAV] - [STM32F103] - 6 Axes sensor MPU6050 - Quaternion &amp; Euler Angles Compute - PID Controller

[Detials & Videos](http://bbs.5imx.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=1227960&extra=page%3D1)

# GPIO List

MPU6050 			| BLDC 				| Wi-Fi 				| GPS
:----:				|:----:				|:----: 				|:---:
**`SCL`** PB15		|**`Channel 1`** PA6|**`USART3_TX`** PB10	|*TBD*
**`SDA`** PB14		|**`Channel 2`** PA7|**`USART3_RX`** PB11	|*TBD*
					|**`Channel 3`** PB0
					|**`Channel 4`** PB1


# Todolist

- [x] Software **I2C**
- [x] Init **MPU6050**
- [x] Get 3 axes `Gryo` and 3 axes `Accel` data from MPU6050
- [x] Cumpute Quaternion and **Euler** Angles
- [x] **PWM** output
- [x] Driving motors with **L9110S**
- [x] **PID** Control
- [x] Schematic
- [x] PCB Layout
- [x] Brushless DC motor-[Video on YouTube](https://youtu.be/iHYVgTmxoSw)
- [x] **Wi-Fi**(`ESP8266`)
- [x] [PID](https://github.com/but0n/Avem/blob/master/pid.md)
- [x] FreeRTOS
- [ ] TCP/IP Socket connect with host
- [ ] PID debug
- [ ] **GPS**
- [ ] 3D print or CNC cut

----

# Hardware

## PCB Layout
Front

![](docs/images/PCB/layoutF.png)

Back

![](docs/images/PCB/layoutB.png)

## 3D Moudle

![](docs/images/PCB/demoV2.png)

## Schematic

![](docs/images/pcb.png)

[More details](docs/)

Commit message:

[DOCS]: Modified To-do List

README.md, after:

# Avem :bird:
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/but0n/Avem.png)](https://travis-ci.org/but0n/Avem)

![](docs/images/PF.png)

[UAV] - [STM32F103] - 6 Axes sensor MPU6050 - Quaternion &amp; Euler Angles Compute - PID Controller

[Detials & Videos](http://bbs.5imx.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=1227960&extra=page%3D1)

# GPIO List

MPU6050 			| BLDC 				| Wi-Fi 				| GPS
:----:				|:----:				|:----: 				|:---:
**`SCL`** PB15		|**`Channel 1`** PA6|**`USART3_TX`** PB10	|*TBD*
**`SDA`** PB14		|**`Channel 2`** PA7|**`USART3_RX`** PB11	|*TBD*
					|**`Channel 3`** PB0
					|**`Channel 4`** PB1


# To-do list

- [x] Software **I2C**
- [x] Init **MPU6050**
- [x] Get 3 axes `Gryo` and 3 axes `Accel` data from MPU6050
- [x] Cumpute Quaternion and **Euler** Angles
- [x] **PWM** output
- [x] Driving motors with **L9110S**
- [x] **PID** Control
- [x] Schematic
- [x] PCB Layout
- [x] Brushless DC motor-[Video via YouTube](https://youtu.be/iHYVgTmxoSw)
- [ ] **Wi-Fi**(`ESP8266`)
- [x] [Cascade PID control](https://github.com/but0n/Avem/blob/master/docs/README.md)
- [x] FreeRTOS
- [ ] TCP/IP Socket connect with host
- [ ] PID debug
- [ ] **GPS**
- [ ] 3D print or CNC cut

----

# Hardware

## PCB Layout
Front

![](docs/images/PCB/layoutF.png)

Back

![](docs/images/PCB/layoutB.png)

## 3D Moudle

![](docs/images/PCB/demoV2.png)

## Schematic

![](docs/images/pcb.png)

[More details](docs/)
